Finally. Man, what a road.
July 15th, 2043,
the acclaimed virtual reality
MMO Infinite Dendrogram
was released worldwide.
And now I had a copy
in my hands.
[RAY]
Here goes!
[RAY gasps]
[RAY gasping]
[CHESHIRE]
Down here! Hello and welcome!
[RAY]
A cat?
Sorry for intruding.
[CHESHIRE]
Mmm, real nice.
I like people with good manners.
Oh. I'm control AI
lucky number 13.
Call me Cheshire. A pleasure!
[RAY]
Yeah! Same here.
First thing you're gonna
need is a player name.
So what'll it be?
It's Ray Starling.
[RAY]
Just a twist on my first name,
and the English
translation of my last.
All right, I'll see
to that. And next up.
You'll set up your avatar.
Choose your settings
and appearance.
[RAY] Huh. Can I just keep
the way I look now,
but maybe with a few tweaks?
[CHESHIRE]
You sure can.
[gasps] Let's see here.
"Adjust hair color."
How 'bout blonde?
Yep! I'm on board for this!
Okay!
[RAY]
Uh?
[CHESHIRE]
That holds your items.
At the moment, it contains your
initial traveling expenses.
Five coins totaling
5,000 lir.
[RAY]
Woah.
[CHESHIRE]
Do you need any explanation
on implanting Embryos?
Wait! Is that next?
[CHESHIRE]
Then here goes.
[RAY gasps]
[CHESHIRE]
Implantation complete!
All players get a zeroth
Embryo at the start.
Once it reaches the first form,
they can be removed.
All Embryos look
the same at zeroth,
but after that,
it'll undergo an evolution
that's completely
unique to the owner.
The possibilities are infinite!
[RAY]
Infinite possibilities.
[CHESHIRE] Roughly speaking,
the five categories are...
[CHESHIRE]
The weapon and armor Type: Arms.
The monster‐shaped
Type: Guardian.
Type: Chariot, which
gives you a vehicle.
The building‐shaped
Type: Castle.
And the Type: Territory,
which provides you a barrier.
I wonder which one mine will be.
There are also rare
and advanced categories
the five basic Types
can evolve into,
including one unique category,
if you're lucky
enough to get it!
[RAY]
Nice to meet ya, partner.
[CHESHIRE] And finally,
please choose which nation
you wish to join.
[RAY] I'll go with
the Kingdom of Altar.
[CHESHIRE]
Okay! Then I'll send you over
to its royal capital of Altea!
So, just out of curiosity,
what's the goal I'm trying
to reach in this game?
[CHESHIRE]
Whatever you want!
Really?
[CHESHIRE]
You can be anything you desire!
A hero or a villain. Royalty,
perhaps, or a faithful minion.
Choose to be a good
person or totally evil.
Do something or nothing at all.
Stay in Infinite Dendrogram
or leave.
It's all up to you!
But whatever you decide,
it can be done!
Just like your Embryo,
you're also on a journey
of infinite possibility!
Welcome to Infinite Dendrogram.
We're so happy you decided to
take the plunge into this world!
[RAY gasping]
[RAY screaming]
[RAY]
That's how it happened.
How I entered the world
of infinite possibility.
Infinite Dendrogram.
[RAY screaming]
Ah! I'm gonna crash!
Game over!
[gasps]
[RAY sighs]
I thought I was a goner.
[RAY]
So lifelike.
[RAY chuckles]
No way. This game's crazy!
So, my brother ought
to be waiting... here.
At the big fountain.
[LILIANA panting]
[RAY]
Should be dead ahead.
‐‐[LILIANA] Huh?
‐‐[RAY groans]
[LILIANA]
I hope I didn't hurt you!
Force Heal!
[RAY gasping]
Would you look at that,
good as new.
I'm so sorry! I should've
been more careful!
No. It's fine.
By the way, where were you
headed in such a big rush?
[LILIANA gasps]
I've been looking everywhere,
trying to find my little sister.
You haven't seen her
by any chance, have you?
Sorry, then again,
I just got here.
I see. No, she
might've gone in.
Real quick. Here.
This is how you can reach me.
If you run into my sister,
find me A. S. A. P!
[RAY] "Altar Knight
of the Royal Guard."
Weird. I shouldn't
know how to read this.
Okay. Let's see here...
"Vice Commander
Liliana Grandria."
What?
[NAVIGATOR]
Quest activated.
Search for and locate
Milianne Grandria.
Difficulty level five.
This is a quest?
Wait, hold up!
I was positive she
was another player.
Turns out she was an NPC?
Level five sounds like it
should be for a player
who's ranked up
with a full party.
Why would a newbie like me
trigger such a difficult quest?
I'll ask my bro.
He said he'd be around
here somewhere.
[SHU] Just bear in mind
I may have to leave here
pretty soon, kiddos.
Even though I just
bear‐ly arrived.
Get it? Grizz, Grizz, Grizz!
[RAY]
That him?
[SHU] Only one balloon for
each of you, now, grizz.
I get more since I made it up
first, you big 'ol fuzzy bear!
[RAY] Excuse me,
can I ask you something?
[SHU]
Just bear with me a moment.
[RAY]
Was that a pun?
[RAY] Is that you inside
that thing, Suichi?
[SHU]
Indeed it is.
Good to see you, Reiji.
Here you go, kids!
[KIDS chattering]
[SHU] Bye, kids!
Beary good meeting you!
Let's start with
re‐introductions.
In Dendrogram,
I go by Shu Starling.
I'm Ray Starling.
Good to see ya again.
Oh yeah, nice costume,
by the way.
[SHU]
So, what's first on the agenda?
Want me to show you around town?
Actually, could you
look at something?
[SHU]
Ooh, Liliana's quest.
Even I've never taken
on that one before.
[RAY]
Is she famous?
[SHU] Liliana might be
the most popular person
in this entire country.
With both players and tians.
She's got a fan club
and everything.
[RAY]
That is a pretty big deal.
Wait, what exactly is a tian?
[SHU]
Another name for NPCs.
Back up a sec.
You mean even NPCs
can join fan clubs?
[SHU]
It's not unusual.
Their cognition and
personalities are on
the same level as humans
for admin purposes.
How sophisticated.
But why would a level‐zero guy
like me get a quest
from a famous tian?
[SHU]
'Cause the world's realistic,
and just like our reality,
there're no conditions
for starting an adventure.
They can show up anywhere,
at any time.
There's an infinite
number of them out there.
[SHU] Speaking of which,
was there any indication
as to where you should
start looking?
[RAY] You mean like a hint?
It may be in this note.
[SHU]
Hm...
Bingo.
"Dearest Sissy,
Remberries were the only
thing the shop was out of,
so I'm going to go pick some.
Don't worry,
I have insect repellent.
Just sit tight, okay?
Love, Mili"
Is this...?
[SHU] Liliana must've been in
a hurry if she wrote her info
on the back of this note.
Not good. Not good at all.
Why?
[SHU] Her sister mentioned
insect repellent.
She did.
[SHU]
If she's carrying some on her,
that means she's probably
headed to Old Reve Orchard,
which is outside the capital.
And what would be
bad about that?
[SHU] I'll save you
the history lesson,
but Old Reve Orchard
is in ruins,
overrun by insect monsters.
These days, it's nothing
but a big bug lair.
We've got to finish this, fast.
Everything's telling me
it's a quest you fail
after X amount of time runs out.
[RAY]
And, what if we do?
[SHU] This world isn't
like it used to be
when the game was
first released.
There's no guarantee the
quest tians will be safe,
not till the mission's done.
[SHU] When a tian perishes
they're dead, for good.
We've lost heroes, sages,
knight captains,
even this nation's king.
Yet the world of
Infinite Dendrogram
keeps on turning
with or without them.
It's that realistic.
[RAY] I know her character's
an NPC, but still.
So, we'd better go
rescue her, huh?
[SHU]
Right on.
We'll complete this
mission together,
and shoot for the
best possible ending!
[RAY]
Yeah!
Let the quest begin!
[SHU]
We're here.
Now, the plan is to rush on in.
But seeing how you're still
level zero, and without a job...
Take some of these
with you, grizz.
Equipping them should save your
life up to five times, grizz.
One more thing.
[NAVIGATOR] You've been
offered an invitation
to join Shu Starling's party.
[SHU] It'll be easier
for me to protect you
if I can keep an eye
on your status, grizz.
[RAY]
Got it. Accept.
Speaking of which, what is the
penalty for dying in this game?
[SHU]
A 24‐hour ban from logging in.
What?
So you have to wait an entire
day before playing again.
[SHU] What makes it so awful is
time works differently here.
In this world,
a 24‐hour lockout equals 72.
If you happen to be mid‐quest
like we are and die,
that means abandoning
it for three days.
And for a world this realistic,
it's a frightening prospect.
[RAY grunts]
[SHU] I know I don't have to
go into the grisly details.
I'll follow your lead
so I won't die.
[SHU] Then let's go
save the girl, grizz!
[RAY]
Right! Time to roll!
[LILIANA grunting]
[LILIANA]
There's no end to them!
[MILIANNE whimpers]
I'm sorry.
[LILIANA] I won't be able
to keep Milianne safe.
Not at this rate!
[LILIANA gasps]
[SHU yelling]
Hope you're hungry for a taste
of Baldr's second form!
[LILIANA]
I know him!
[SHU] The cavalry
has arrived, m'lady!
[RAY]
Are you two all right?
I ran into you
earlier at the castle,
but why're you here?
[SHU] You should've
heard my little bro!
He was adamant about saving you
and your sister, no matter what!
So I figured, I might
as well bear with him.
[RAY]
Now hold on!
His brother? That's why.
Allow me to thank you.
If the two of you hadn't
shown up to help,
Mili's life would have
been in real danger.
Your kindness
won't be forgotten.
Thanks, but I didn't end up
really doing all that much!
Uh. I think we oughtta
keep moving.
We don't want to get
caught up in another swarm.
[NAVIGATOR] An NPC
has joined your party.
[SHU grunts]
You're at level 210?
I'm not even in
the positives yet.
[SHU]
Ray?
At first I thought this quest
was high‐level because
it had some
kind of time limit,
but looking around, I'm
beginning to have my doubts.
[SHU] Those six‐legged
freaks are gone,
we reunited the sisters,
and it still isn't over.
What're you getting at?
[SHU]
It's simple.
This is a level‐five quest,
because it requires you
to help out a level
200 character!
[SHU yelling]
[LILIANA]
A Demi‐Drag‐Worm!
[RAY gasps]
Make that two!
[SHU]
I get it now.
If we need to protect a girl
while facing off against
multiple Demi‐Dragon monsters,
this difficulty makes sense,
even with some help.
Doesn't matter,
since two worms
are no match against my power!
While I'm content to
smash you to pieces,
how can I pass up
the opportunity for...
Baldr! Fourth form, activate!
Huh? Whoa, whoa time out!
Are you freezing me
in place, grizz?
That's no fair! Grizz!
Shu! No!
Shu!
Look out!
[gasps]
[DEMI DRAG WORM A growling]
I have a favor to ask.
Okay.
Let me handle the four
of them, but please,
take my sister and
get her someplace safe!
[DEMI DRAG WORMS growling]
[MILIANNE whimpers]
[RAY grunts]
[RAY] At level zero, I'll just
slow her down if I stay.
Understood. I'll see to it that
she gets to the exit safely.
Quickly, run!
Mili. Why'd you come all the
way here to pick remberries?
Because my Sissy's birthday
happens to be today,
and for my gift, I wanted to
bake her a remberry cake
since that's her
favorite dessert!
[RAY]
Oh, yeah?
[MILIANNE] But for some reason
none of the shops had any left.
When I told the man
with the glasses,
he gave me repellent to
keep me safe from the bugs.
He said I could pick
remberries in the orchard
without any problem!
[RAY]
A man with glasses, huh?
What was he thinking,
sending a kid into these woods?
He needs a good smack!
[RAY grunts]
[RAY] All we gotta do
is make it to the...
[gasps]
[RAY grunts]
[DEMI DRAG WORM A roars]
Oh, great.
[MILIANNE cries]
[RAY] When a tian dies,
they don't come back.
She'll live. I swear.
I'm not letting anyone
die on my watch!
[DEMI DRAG WORM A growls]
Listen to me.
Do you think you can make it to
the exit all by yourself, Mili?
Huh?
I've gotta stay here.
There's a centipede
that's needs exterminating.
[DEMI DRAG WORM A growling]
[RAY gasps, groans]
[RAY] Imagine if I hadn't
kept the pain sensation
turned to off.
Run! I'll figure something out!
[whimpers]
Go, now!
‐‐[thud]
‐‐[gasps]
[DEMI DRAG WORM A roaring]
[RAY yelps]
[RAY groaning]
[RAY] I need to buy her
some more time.
If you actually plan on
killing me, try harder!
You've got three more goes!
Bring it on!
[RAY groans]
[RAY panting]
[RAY]
Lucky shot.
But this still isn't over,
ugly! Do your worst!
[DEMI DRAG WORM A growls]
[RAY]
Hey! I'm talking to you!
What're you lookin' at?
Come back here!
[DEMI DRAG WORM A growling]
[MILIANNE panting]
No! Don't hurt her!
[RAY yells]
Uh. You okay?
[RAY]
She's alive!
Thanks to the Lifesaving Brooch.
One problem, now that my last
Dragonscale's been destroyed
I'm defenseless
against its attacks!
Dammit! I can't give up.
This may just be a game to me.
If I die, so what?
But for her, this is real life.
And the thought of her being
taken from this world forever‐‐
I won't let that happen!
Hey, are you in there?
If you really offer
infinite possibilities,
then now's the time.
Hand 'em over! I want it!
The chance to have
a happy ending!
To be able to save
a little girl's life!
Give it to me now!
Are you gonna
answer me yes or no?!
One percent's all I want!
One percent of your
infinite possibilities!
[DEMI DRAG WORM A roars]
[NEMESIS] You're more demanding
than I'd expected, Master.
[NEMESIS]
Then again, not like I mind.
Hey. Good morning.
[gasping]
[NEMESIS]
You begged me to show up,
and this is how you greet me?
It's you. You're my... Embryo.
Now, then.
What do you say we finish
this bug off in style?
Since we're
celebrating my birthday.
[RAY gasps]
Hey. What is this?
Wow, a sword.
[NEMESIS]
The timing will be up to you.
As soon it charges,
bring the weapon down.
I've given you
the opportunity, Master,
but the rest is in your hands.
Let's do this!
[DEMI DRAG WORM A roars]
[NEMESIS] You attacked
my Master four times
and nearly killed him three.
But I absorbed the last blow.
Now... it's payback.
[RAY yells]
[NEMESIS]
Vengeance is mine!
A job well done.
You were successful, Master,
and achieved the outcome
you were hoping for.
My name's Nemesis,
and yes, I'm your Embryo,
a Maiden‐Arms Type.
I was born from you.
Your heart, body, and soul.
It's nice to meet you,
Master. Shall we?
[MILIANNE]
Sissy!
[LILIANA]
Mili!
You're okay! You have
my eternal gratitude!
Because of you,
my sister's safe!
I can't say it enough! Thank you
from the depths of my heart!
‐‐[RAY chuckles]
‐‐True. My Master helped,
but most of your gratitude
should be directed at me.
Same as your brother.
I see you're also a Master who's
been chosen by an Embryo.
Aren't you... a "Maiden" type?
I believe that's...
[ALL gasp]
[SHU] Made it! Finally escaped
after being bear‐ied alive!
[MILIANNE]
Thank you!
It was no problem
at all. I swear.
Trust me, this debt
will not go unpaid.
[NAVIGATOR] Quest: "Search for
and locate Milianne Grandria"
is now complete.
[sighs] That's one down.
Our reward's a single remberry?
Seems unfair after
all that hard work.
[RAY] Know what?
It's more than enough for me.
Delicious!
[SHU] There's more where
that came from, grizz!
Huh?
[SHU] We have to
start things off right,
so in honor of your first day,
I prepared an epic feast
with remberries for dessert!
I hit all the markets early
and bought them out!
So eat as many as you want!
[RAY growls]
You did what?
[SHU]
Hm?
[RAY growls]
This entire quest was your
fault! You're dead, bear!
[SHU]
Grizz!
[RAY]
"Tomb Labyrinth."